Gentle hands python (#87)
vibbits/training-material: topics/python-programming/tutorials/10_functions/tutorial.md

>    > print(hamming_distance(seq1,seq2))
>    >  ```
>    > </details>
>    > <details markdown="1">
>    > <summary>{% icon solution %} Solution 2
>    > </summary>
>    >
>    >  ```python
>    > # string1 and string2 should be the same length.
>    > def hamming_distance(string1, string2): 
>    >     """Return the Hamming distance between equal-length sequences."""
>    >     

> >    >     if len(string1) != len(string2):
> >    >         raise ValueError("Undefined for sequences of unequal length.")

Reviewer: I think `ValueError` is fine here. But even better, might be:
```suggestion
>    >     assert len(string1) == len(string2), "Undefined for sequences of unequal length."
```

>    >     
>    >     # Start with a distance of zero, and count up
>    >     distance = 0
>    >     # Loop over the indices of the string
>    >     for s1,s2 in zip(string1,string2):
>    >         if s1 != s2:
>    >              distance +=1
>    >         return distance
>    >     # Return the final count of differences
>    >     return distance
>    > 
>    > seq1 = "GATCATAGA"
>    > seq2 = "CATCATACA"
>    > print(hamming_distance(seq1,seq2))
>    >  ```
>    > </details>
>
{: .hands_on}

---

# with zip!
def hamming_distance(string1, string2): 
    """Return the Hamming distance between equal-length sequences."""
    
    if len(string1) != len(string2):
        raise ValueError("Undefined for sequences of unequal length.")
    
    # Start with a distance of zero, and count up
    distance = 0

> 

Reviewer: This seems to be missing some code?

Reviewer: And the previous example is already using `zip()`

Author: Yes, it's too much there. THanks for noticing. Should be deleted.
